Add torch 2.1.0 (#2602)
mosaicml/composer: docker/README.md

| Ubuntu 20.04   | Base     | 2.0.1             | 11.8.0 (Infiniband) | 3.10             | `mosaicml/pytorch:2.0.1_cu118-python3.10-ubuntu20.04`                                     |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | Base     | 2.0.1             | 11.8.0 (EFA)        | 3.10             | `mosaicml/pytorch:2.0.1_cu118-python3.10-ubuntu20.04-aws`                                 |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | Base     | 2.0.1             | cpu                 | 3.10             | `mosaicml/pytorch:2.0.1_cpu-python3.10-ubuntu20.04`                                       |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | Base     | 1.13.1            | 11.7.1 (Infiniband) | 3.10             | `mosaicml/pytorch:latest`, `mosaicml/pytorch:1.13.1_cu117-python3.10-ubuntu20.04`         |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | Base     | 1.13.1            | 11.7.1 (EFA)        | 3.10             | `mosaicml/pytorch:latest-aws`, `mosaicml/pytorch:1.13.1_cu117-python3.10-ubuntu20.04-aws` |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | Base     | 1.13.1            | cpu                 | 3.10             | `mosaicml/pytorch:latest_cpu`, `mosaicml/pytorch:1.13.1_cpu-python3.10-ubuntu20.04`       |
<!-- END_PYTORCH_BUILD_MATRIX -->

> **Note**: The `mosaicml/pytorch:latest`, `mosaicml/pytorch:latest_cpu`,`mosaicml/pytorch_vision:latest` and `mosaicml/pytorch_vision:latest_cpu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The `mosaicml/pytorch:latest`, `mosaicml/pytorch:latest_cpu`, and `mosaicml/pytorchlatest-aws`
```
